<!--
 * @Author: Anthony
 * @Date: 2022-07-10 17:49:52
 * @LastEditTime: 2022-07-10 18:30:49
-->
# What do British people think about The Queen and The Royal Family?

#### 0:15
Hello Listeners, welcome back to Luke's English Podcast. This is Episode No.773 and it's called what do British people think of The Queen and The Royal Family. 
#### 0:27
So yesterday I came back from my trip to London where I was staying with my brother James for a few days. I mentioned it in the last episode. And my weekend with James coincided with the celebrations of the Queen's Platinum Jubilee. You might have seen the reports of the celebration on the TV or online wherever you are. Did you see that? Did you see the staff what is going on in London? Big celebrations for the Queen's Platinum Jubileem, 70 years on the throne. Now was the reason. 
#### 1:00
So the celebrations involved a variety of different things including a kind of military procession through the streets of xxx xxx near Buckingham Palace, called the Trooping of The Color. The lighting of Platinum Jubilee beacons accross the country. And these beacons are basically large flaming torches, which were lit as part of a long tradition at this kind of celebration. Also there was a service of Thanksgiving at some pots cathedral. There was the duby at xxx.
#### 1:31
 On Friday there was a horsing raising event, usually attended by the Royals. Then it was the Platinum of Jubilee party at the Palace, which was a big entertaiment show with live music and celebrity apprearances. There were Jubilee lunches at street parties, which happened across the country. Although to be fair, I did't actually see any in the areas where I was visiting in south London. I kind of got off the train, expected or hoped to see parties in the streets, thus I could get involved in with James. But I arrived at James's Street and just nothing. Nothing was going on at all. I just went a single street party. To be fair, there was one barbecue on the street corner. Some guys was selling some barbecue food on the street corner. But that was pretty much it. But I think there were parties in other parts of the country.